# bachelor_public
Data for bachelor project in Cognitive Science at Aarhus University. Read through the project in the .pdf file, or skim the abstract here:

This paper explores the relationship between perfectionism and mental well-being. Perfectionism is investigated within the framework of Hewitt and Flett’s (H&F’s) theory of multidimensional perfectionism and is measured using H&F’s multidimensional perfectionism scale (HF-MPS) (Hewitt & Flett, 1991a, 1991b). H&F has theorised that three dimensions of perfectionism exist, namely self-oriented, other-oriented, and socially prescribed perfectionism. Self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism has been repeatedly shown to correlate negatively with mental illness (Cox et al., 2002; Fry & Debats, 2009; Hewitt & Flett, 1991a; Smith et al., 2016). Despite the link between perfectionism and mental illnesses, the relationship between perfectionism and mental well-being is yet to be investigated. This study seeks to fill this gap by examining whether individuals who score highly on the HF-MPS also exhibit poor mental well-being. In this paper, mental well-being is measured with the Warwick Edinburg Mental Well-Being Scale (WEMWBS) (Tennant et al., 2007) and is understood within the framework of the Dual Continuum Model (Keyes, 2002). Results indicate that self-oriented and socially prescribed perfectionism correlate negatively with mental well-being. This result is discussed in the context of the decreasing mental well-being observed in the youth in Denmark as well as many other western countries. The negative effects of perfectionism on mental health and potential interventions to address the issue are discussed.
